_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: left
  image: me.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am a recent PhD graduate from Yale University, where I studied computational cognitive science.

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Massive website changes, including navbar pruning, updated 'about me', updated news, updated publications, and updated socials.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: left
  image: me.jpg
  image_circular: true # crops the image to make it circular
  address: 

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I recently graduated with my PhD from [Yale University](https://www.yale.edu), where I was advised by [Julian Jara-Ettinger](https://psychology.yale.edu/people/julian-jara-ettinger) in the [Computational Social Cognition Lab](https://compdevlab.yale.edu/).

My research falls under the broad umbrella of computational cognitive science: merging insights and tools from cognitive psychology, developmental psychology, and computer science to (1) understand and formalize how people make rich, flexible inferences as they navigate the world and (2) leverage this understanding to develop better artificial intelligence systems.
